Midtown Alexandria Station Condo Assoc.

# Facilities & Grounds Committee Meeting

Monday, August 8 2022, 7pm

| Committee Members | Board Liason   | Other Attendees      |
| ----------------- | -------------- | -------------------- |
| Marc Dixon, Chair | Arlene Heredia | Bob and Tammi Hoback |
| Eric Retzloff     |                |                      |

1. Welcome
   - Meeting started at 7:11pm
   - Members noted that Arlene/board liaison cannot vote, so the meeting has no quorum if voting is needed.
2. Unfinished Business
   1. Status update on research and/or obtaining proposals for the following:
      1. Building security upgrades
         - Updates on conversations with AFA Protective Systems, current security vendor. Chair is trying to get AFA rep. to send proposal for inspection of existing equipment, including camera viewing software. AFA noted the last inspection was a one-time task order from several years ago. The AFA rep. has become less responsive lately. AFA recommended inspection of existing equipment as a first step in our effort to evaluate upgrades
         - Committee has Kastle Security’s updated proposal, received on May 6.
      2. Electrical Vehicle chargers
         - MGMT received two proposals…so far… for electrical work/EV install - garage installation only:   March 2022 - from Limbach, Inc. ($49,040);  May 2022 - BrennCo. Electrical Services ($51,000)
         - F&G Chair contacted SemaConnect regional sales rep. and will setup a informational call w/ any committee members and property manager, as well as any Board members.
         - Considerations for ChargePoint, a different EV charger brand 
         - MGMT contacting other electrician/installation vendors to get quotes.
         - Committee member explained personal knowledge about Siemens EV chargers: There’s no interaction w/ a third party.  SemaConnect is less restrictive.   Committee needs to ask ChargePoint about vendor lock in (i.e., is charger software still useful without ChargePoint service?  What happens when a user only wants to use box only and not use ChargePoint service/connectivity?)
         - Board liaison asked if Committee thought about using chargers as a revenue stream?  Marc gave recap of my conversation w/ Eric over the past couple of weeks:  Installing EV chargers in visitors lot to allow non-residents to access for a fee – Midtown owners/renters should not be charged a fee except beyond a certain timeframe (e.g., 3 hours).  
         - Committee needs to ask MGMT/Building Engineer if the visitors lot has existing electrical connectivity via the lighting poles electricity source.
   2. Other
      1. Garage water sprinkler pipes- Check w/ Management for updates.
      2. Research on BuildingLink, a residential management platform, as a possible option to replace TownSquare. Board and F&G Committee members, along with Management, talked to another L&N condo property that uses BuildingLink. Debrief from that meeting is pending.
         - F&G Chair asked the Committee if it wants to pursue this further or table it.
         - Board liaison suggested it might be a good idea to figure out what features TownSquare doesn’t have vis-à-vis what residents would like to have.
         - Committee discussed the following:
           - The Committee could survey what features are needed/desired by the community. His understanding is that we currently have a basic version of TownSquare and the association may need to pay for an advanced version
           - Committee noted that in recent past, there organization and distribution of packages issue was resolved by current concierge
           - One notable current issue that may or may not be resolved TownSquare or another: parking pass process needs improvement. Committee could ask concierge staff if they have any ideas for improvements.
      3. Water drainage issues from 7th floor deck/patio to side parking lot
         - Board approved contractor proposal in a recent past Board meeting. The work will be done in two phases:
           - Phase 1 – install downspout (Management may have sent notice that work is scheduled for August)
           - Phase 2- install drainage channel in parking lot surface
      4. Residents noted cracked tiles in certain locations on various floors. F&G Chair and Management found extra tiles in garage 2nd floor storage room.
         - F&G Chair mentioned that he hasn’t surveyed tiles on floors 2 – 16 yet. If only a few tiles are cracked, it may be tough to get a contractor for a job that small.
         - Committee discussion that perhaps a small contractor can do the work/would be willing. Committee would need set a threshold for how many cracked tiles would trigger action to find a 
3. Resident Forum
   - Non-members feedback: Regarding tankless water heaters, they asked Management if there are standard procedures that owners need to follow; it seems there would be to prevent issues from contractors doing their own thing (creating patchwork of specifications/configurations in the building) vs. following a standard process. They are somewhat in the market for a tankless unit but not in urgent need.
     - F&G Chair conveyed his personal experience and told them Rules & Covenants Committee asked me if the tankless unit would work with the buildings water re-circulation setup, since the HOA fees pay for water and they didn’t want the tankless unit to be a source of a water usage increase.
4. New Business / Other
   - Board president emailed F&G Chair and asked F&G to consider certain Board members’ idea of adding bollard to the garage entry door as it may help deter some criminals from stealing cars.
     - Committee discussed that since no quorum so we can’t vote on an official recommendation to the Board. Instead, F&G Chair will relay F&G’s unofficial opinion is that it doesn’t seem a bollard would deter car theft since the driving lane would remain wide open and both the outgoing rollup door and gate would remain functional. Additionally, adding a bollard to the sidewalk would restrict access to the walk by those requiring wider access such as users of motorized scooters and wheelchairs.
   - Board liaison: When the painting of the stairwell work was approved by the Board and the Management signed contract, somehow painting of the stairwell near cyber café (that only goes to 6th floor) was left out. Not sure if it was in the proposal but she’ll double check the documents. Recommends that F&G consider making recommendation to the Board to have the stairwell painted. Committee members agreed that if the other stairwells were painting as part of a facility enhancement/upgrade effort, that stairwell should be painted as well.
5. Adjourn
   1. Meeting adjourned at 8:20PM.
